adds documentation about the npm scripts (#269)
gc-da11yn/gc-da11yn.github.io: .github/DEVELOPMENT.md

The `npm run build` command will build the site into the `_site` folder. It is used for the production server hosted with Github pages.

#### Running in development mode

The `npm run dev` command will build the site into the `_site` folder and set the `ELEVENTY_ENV=dev` variable for the Netlify staging instance of the site.

#### Building the HTML files

The `npm run eleventy` command builds the HTML pages from the `src` folder into the `_site`.

#### Creating a new folder and the files needed

To create a new folder for the site in both the `src/en` and `src/fr` directories along with the basic files needed for a page in these folders you can use `npm run new-folder`.

The script will need the name of the folder, the English title of the page, the French title of the page, the English description of the page, the French description of the page.

The script will create the json file for the breadcrumbs, an index.md, and the english and french folders.

#### Checking the spelling on the site

The `npm run spellcheck` command runs a spell checker on all the markdown and HTML files inside the `src` folder.

The script will then display possible spelling errors in the terminal.

> #### Bulding the site for testing locally with a server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Bulding the site for testing locally on port 8081
```

Testing it locally imply a server and specifying the port make it more implicit.

Author: Just removed server and not putting a port because it's not always 8081

#### Construire les fichiers HTML

La commande `npm run eleventy` construit les pages HTML du dossier `src` dans le dossier `_site`.

#### Création d'un nouveau dossier et des fichiers nécessaires

To create a new folder for the site in both the `src/en` and `src/fr` directories along with the basic files needed for a page in these folders you can use `npm run new-folder`.

Pour créer un nouveau dossier pour le site dans les répertoires `src/en` et `src/fr` ainsi que les fichiers de base nécessaires pour une page dans ces dossiers, vous pouvez utiliser `npm run new-folder`.

Le script aura besoin du nom du dossier, du titre anglais de la page, du titre français de la page, de la description anglaise de la page, de la description française de la page.

Le script créera le fichier json pour les breadcrumbs, un index.md, et les dossiers anglais et français.

#### Vérifier l'orthographe sur le site

La commande `npm run spellcheck` lance un vérificateur d'orthographe sur tous les fichiers markdown et HTML du dossier `src`.

Le script affichera alors les éventuelles erreurs d'orthographe dans le terminal.

> #### Construire le site pour le tester localement avec un serveur

Author: Just removed server and not putting a port because it's not always 8081
